---
layout: event
presenters: [esther]
title:  "E2EVC 2021"
location: "Lisbon"
image: assets/images/events/2021-e2evc-lisbon.png
eventdate: 2021-11-12
site: 'http://www.e2evc.com/home/'
tags: [presenting,event]
hidden: false
toc: false
---
Experts 2 Experts Virtualization Conference (E2EVC) is a series of worldwide non-commercial, virtualization community Events.

Our main goal is to bring the best virtualization experts together to exchange knowledge and to establish new connections. E2EVC is a weekend crammed with presentations, Master Classes and discussions delivered by both  virtualization vendors product teams and independent experts.

Started in August, 2003 with just 4 people and after 48 very successful events grown to a well-recognized event with about 250 attendees. In the last 18  years and 47 events, our conference has taken place in cities such as  Athens, Munich, London, Copenhagen, Amsterdam, Barcelona, Berlin, Brussels, Cape  Town, Frankfurt, Dublin, Orlando, Paris, Prague, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Munich,  New York, Nice, Lisbon, Rome, Hamburg, Hong Kong, Singapore, Sydney, Tokyo and  Vienna. On average we have 35-40 sessions at each event. Topics are -  server, application, desktop, storage virtualization with products from  vendors like Microsoft, VMware, Citrix and many more. Over 50 of the  best virtualization community experts present their topics. Many  current virtualization community leaders participated in the past or  still participate in our events. It's the people that attend, presenters that present  and our sponsors who make this event possible.
